who down here with Sam Kristin and
Meagan how's your day going guys it's
really good i like I heard there's a lot
of Sun down here so that's moment the
main reason why I'm down here for the
Sun boy yet the sun's beautiful and
favorite of the day so far back to the
day little dragon are fairly gonna see
little Draco the dragon yep
we're here with adner and tell me what
you're wearing because I feel like
you're going for a little pajamas look
right here it's very comfortable and I
guess for just kind of festival thing it
looks very good where work Molly and I
you're like my vegetable and what is the
reason for you being here why do you
like this festival it's just incredibly
different like you get no other
experience at any other festival imagine
that's why like the atmosphere I think
looks exactly crazy people man enjoying
about know like that I don't even know
what the hell that lies we don't know no
anyway who are you here to see like
who's someone you're really looking
forward to thanks i keep it also if
you're a white girl you got to be down
for thanks man i am so excited to beg
little FK twigs there's another white
girl thing
tiny birds were amazing little dragon
I'm hippos son everybody this is the
best year for the lineup you reckon I'm
so far what I've seen ya definitionally
in your opinion my opinion the best year
key now I Frankie you go out of Bob I do
like him lucky me did you say these
glasses are what you're wearing today
absolutely absolutely it's a must that's
a must keep you warm protect you from
the ultraviolet yeah tell me about when
she lays it out on the bed for me you
know i just have to wear what she says
you know well that's not a whipping boy
yeah i'm out wanna be as well yeah oh my
god how do you see quite out of it who
are we here to see who do you guys want
to see a real cliche what's your bank
yeah twigs twigs or nothing ok angus and
julia stone for sure and now you're
gonna see a lot of us going on today
what time a verdict can you give me
because your woman I'm interested in
women I want to know do you like this
I've been wearing this over top bun
roles like we we call Bert ok your
verdict yeah I'm all my bum yeah you
just in this link by all touching my
member yeah oh so good so good we're
down here at st. jerome's laneway
festival gia soon I've decided we're
gonna have a bit of a competition tell
them what we're going to do teasing it's
a little bit of a celly competition but
because it's laying my festival LT
hipster peopled is this going on the man
bun what's your verdict on the main line
oh I've quite into it now I can't grow
up myself so
you know I'm not gonna come into my
parishioners would you grow and then don
i would i would got to say we're gonna
go around and touch a few men thumbs
like that by the tribe a we're about to
sing out royal blood
do
what would you make it this vegetable
because I mean like you've been to a few
attending you probably perform to some
as well why do you think the space is
significant I think it's great because
it gives artists that wouldn't
necessarily be played on mainstream
radio mainstream TV things like their
chance much like what you know you guys
do a 2cv me